test: Tests new histogram metric (#7694)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/user_guide/metrics.md

To disable these metrics specifically, you can set `--metrics-config counter_latencies=false`

#### Histograms

> **Note**
>
> The following Histogram feature is experimental for the time being and may be
> subject to change based on user feedback.

By default, the following
[Histogram](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/metric_types/#histogram)
metrics are used for latencies:

|Category      |Metric          |Metric Name |Description                |Granularity|Frequency    |Model Type
|--------------|----------------|------------|---------------------------|-----------|-------------|-------------|
|Latency       |Request to First Response Time    |`nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms` |Histogram of end-to-end inference request to the first response time |Per model  |Per request  | Decoupled |

To enable these metrics specifically, you can set `--metrics-config histogram_latencies=true`

> Each histogram above may composed of several sub-metrics. For each
> metric, there is a set of `le` metrics tracking the counter for each
> bucket. Additionally, there are `_count` and `_sum` metrics that aggregate
> the count and observed values for each. For example, see the following
> information exposed by the Request to First Response Histogram metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each histogram above is composed of several sub-metrics. For each
histogram metric, there is a set of `le` (less than or equal to) thresholds tracking the counter for each
bucket. Additionally, there are `_count` and `_sum` metrics that aggregate
the count and observed values for each. For example, see the following
information exposed by the "Time to First Response" Histogram metrics:
```

Author: This is better. Updated the doc.

```
# HELP nv_first_response_histogram_ms Histogram of end-to-end inference request to response time in milliseconds.
# TYPE nv_first_response_histogram_ms histogram
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms_count{model="my_model",version="1"} 101
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms_sum{model="my_model",version="1"} 3685
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms{model="my_model",version="1", le="10"} 55
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms{model="my_model",version="1", le="100"} 97
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms{model="my_model",version="1", le="500"} 98
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms{model="my_model",version="1", le="1000"} 101
nv_inference_first_response_histogram_ms{model="my_model",version="1", le="+Inf"} 101
```

> Triton has a set of default buckets per metric to track, as shown above. Customization of buckets per metric is  currently not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Triton has a set of default buckets per metric to track, as shown above. Customization of buckets per metric is currently not supported.
```
